When I have to choose a topic on my own,
I go ahead and I look at current events.
I see what’s a more popular trending topic
at the time.
And if there’s something in there
that really interests me,
then I’ll go ahead and pick one of those.
I usually will find the thing,
something that interests me the most.
And then I’ll find something that has
the most resources available.
I usually pick something that uh...
that I want to learn about.
I always start in Google.
You know, the general idea.
And you can narrow it down from there.
Or, start with the article databases online.
And you have your general idea.
Then you can start
to narrow it down to the specifics.
I just think for a little while
and daydream. And whatever is
the most interesting thing that comes up;
that’s what I go for.
I try to um, write on topics that
are actually, genuinely interesting to me.
Not just the things that have
the most information about ‘em,
because...everybody
has already discussed that.
If your instructor does not give you
a list of topics to choose from, um...
then I would come to the library
and talk to a reference librarian
to talk about possible topics.
Or even the Learning Center
is a good resource for that.
Without a topic to choose from,
I do have a harder time.
I usually like to talk to my instructor
about it anyway.
And just kind a play off of each other.
See what we can kind of figure out
that I might be interested in.
Look at the broad topic
and then, I would try to find which subtopic
has the most information on it.
And then, I would go off of that.
Do something that you’re interested in.
You put more effort into it
and your results
typically are a little bit better.